---
layout: default
title:  "Blog 10"
date:   2020-11-12 22:27:56
categories:  new blog post
permalink: /2020-11-12-Blog10/
---
[<- Home](https://keiyamo.github.io/)

## 5G iPhone
I would like to talk about 5G mobile network today.  
Since finally Apple released 5G capable phone, iPhone 12 series, I am thinking to buy a new phone.  
I was going to buy iPhone 11, but the reason I didn't was it was not 5G capable.  
I am using iPhone 6s Plus for 5yrs, so I think I will use several years if I buy a new phone now (it's getting more and more expensive!)  
That's why I have waited another year.  

### It is not covered yet...
I am using T-mobile, and living in suburb area (Ventura county), actually the area is not fully covered 5G yet,(you can check your area coverage [here](https://www.t-mobile.com/coverage/coverage-map)) but I believe Tmo, they would provide the 5G antennas in my neighborhood anytime soon （ ＾人＾）  


### What is 5G?
So first thing first, what is 5G?  
In this case, it is 5/fifth generation of cellular network.  

- 1980~ 1G (analog cellular)  
  - Analog cellular signals permitted only voice call and were not encrypted.   
    It was easily get intercepted and jammed.
- 1990~ 2G (digital cellular)
  - 2nd generation of cellular technology began to use digital signals  
    Digital signals have less static and background noise and can be encrypted  
    It began to be used for data that SMS (short message service) was introduced in 2G network technology
- 2000~ 3G (mobile web browsing)
  - Apple and Google joined mobile market that they introduced smartphone, iPhone and Android devices.
    Their market style reflect their business strategy that Apple keep their mobile OS (iOS) for only their product, iPhone while Google distribute their mobile OS (Android) to several manufacture.
  - The 3G network allowed the mobile phones to browse websites or use GPS location services.
- 2010~ 4G (Long Term Evolution)
  - As data transmission speed got faster, it is able to stream video or use high quality VoIP service (Skype, FaceTime)  
  - The peak data rate is approximately 1Gbps for low mobility (walking speed), and 100Mbps for high mobility (moving vehicles)  
- 2020~ 5G (Ultra-high speed radio access)
  - As video quality get improved from SD (Standard Definition), HD (High-Definition) and now UHD (ultra-high Definition), the mobile network is required to be higher speed.
  - 5G will provide download speeds of up to 20Gbps
  - Now mobile network is required to be more reliable, and available, and it is used not only for Internet, but controlling many IoT (Internet of Things)

  **Latency in 5G networks will be five times faster than today’s networks!!**   

### mmWave vs sub-6
Did you know we have a privilege to buy iPhone 12 in US?  
5G has two kinds of networks: mmWave (millimeter wave) and Sub-6GHz.  
mmWave is the super-fast 5G. If someone talks about how amazing 5g speed improvement is, it is about mmWave 5G.
Sub-6GHz could be slower than mmWave 5G, but right now this is more widespread 5G that most people will experience for the time being.  

mmWave use higher frequency bands 24GHz to 40GHz while Sub-6GHz use like the name represent, 6GHz.  
High frequency bands translate to narrow wavelength in the range of on to ten millimeters (that's why it's called mmWave)  

The extremely short wavelengths of mmWave signals, transmission paths can be extended using small, multi-element dynamic
beamforming antennas that can be installed in user equipment such as smartphones.

The privilege I am talking above is mmWave 5G capable iPhone 12 is only selling in the United States.  
iPhone12 is being sold worldwide, but those sold outside US are limited to Sub-6GHz, mmWave 5G capable iPhone is you can buy only in US (Yes, I said twice).  

The rumor before iPhone 12 release said it would happen only for iPhone 12 pro, or even only for pro Max, but all iPhone 12 series sold in US (from mini to pro Max) are mmWave 5G capable. Yay! 

However for now, most area are not ready for mmWave antenna yet, so it does not really matter even if it is limited to Sub-6GHz.
But for me, like I mentioned earlier I would use new phone for several years so I prefer the latest technology capable phone as much as possible (I really appreciate of living in US!)

### Which one I should get...
I am browsing a lot of reviews for iPhone 12 series so that I can decide which one I should get.   
This is also fun time!!  



[back to Home](https://keiyamo.github.io/)
