---
layout: default
title:  "Blog 18"
date:   2021-04-02 19:14:24
categories:  new blog post
permalink: /2021-04-02-Blog18/
---
[<- Home](https://keiyamo.github.io/)


## AWS Academy
We have been taking [AWS academy](https://aws.amazon.com/training/awsacademy/?nc2=sb_ep_aca) as part of assignment for Senior Design class.  
We finished `AWS Academy Cloud Foundations` course in last semester. It provides Labs and Knowledge Check that would be similar question from Cloud practitioner exam where you need to start to pursue AWS career.  
I heard some of classmates already passed the exam, but I haven't. So I think it is time to prepare for the exam.   

Due to this pandemic, many certification exams are allowed to take online.   
To be honest, at first I thought taking certification exams online is kind of cheating since I felt like it is not fair, it is not same condition of other the certificate holders.  
But now, we have been in this pandemic over a year, so I began to think it is a new way to do it.   
(Then, actually I also feel like I have wasted time, well anyway it's never been to late)  

Even though I didn't pass Cloud Practitioner exam, now we are taking a little bit advanced course that is `Cloud Architecting`. It is for those who want to be Solution Architects.   
Solution Architects are who give plans to AWS users, what AWS services fit to their business style, or how those AWS service effective their business.   
Therefore, Solution Architect need to know well about all AWS services, not only how to use each service but also must be able to explain why it is good to them, and what is difference with other similar services.   

Since I have been using some fundamental AWS services (ie. EC2, IAM, VPC, or S3) from last semester, it becomes easier to me to understand the lecture on the course when they explain about each AWS service.    
And AWS educate credit is really helpful to get used to many AWS service beyond free tier services.   

### AWS Online Tech Talk
AWS constantly offers many training system and webinars.   
[AWS Online Tech Talk](https://aws.amazon.com/events/online-tech-talks/?events-master-ott.sort-by=item.additionalFields.startDateTime&events-master-ott.sort-order=asc) is you can join the presentation by AWS Solution Architect and Engineers for free.  
I joined some during spring break.  Some of those are above my level that I was not really able to follow the topic, but I was really inspired.  
It can be live, you need to register a presentation you want to audit, then they send you personal link to access the webinar.   
Or if you missed the live presentation, you can access it on demand. If you registered to the webinar, they would send on demand access and presentation materials to you.   


I don't know if this was online from before pandemic or not, now many other company also provides their annual event through online. (ie. Apple's WWDC20, [WWDC21](https://developer.apple.com/wwdc21/) is also decided to be virtual or AWS re:Invent 2020)   


The pandemic shut down passed one year anniversary, and still we don't know when it can go back to normal.  
Or "Normal" means no longer same as before, there are many new standards for our regular life.  

I really felt how Information Technology is important to our life over this pandemic.  
I am sure this pandemic accelerate many technologies to make our life less hard.  
I, one of apprentice of IT expert, have to keep learning new technologies.  




[back to Home](https://keiyamo.github.io/)
