---
layout: default
title:  "Blog 14 (Blog1_CIT481))"
date:   2021-02-16 17:48:24
categories:  new blog post
permalink: /2021-02-16-Blog14/
---
[<- Home](https://keiyamo.github.io/)


## Launch Senior Design Project!!!
Finally we are going to launch our senior group project.  
To be honest, I wish we had our last class in person, on campus, but this is going to be good experience of establishing remote development environment because I think now majority of IT companies have shifted to do those tasks remotely under current situation.

Since we established the group in last semester, we have had plenty of time to talk about what web application we would like to create.    
Our group come up the idea that to create a calendar sharing/managing app, like we can use it when we want to pick a date for some plans such as hanging out, traveling, or having a party.
Well, under this pandemic, this may not be really needy app, but we set our wish that the normal days we gonna use this app coming back soon.   

However, we are not really sure how we can start the project.   
Then, our professor gives us alternate option that instead of doing the project freely, she provides some instructions that we can follow to proceed the project. So, we chose to do alternate version.  

### Project 0
The project breaks down to three portions, Project 0, Project 1, and Project 2.  
We are required to set a leader for each project, so I volunteer for first one, Project 0.  

These are we do for Project 0:
  - Purchase a Domain
  - Setup AWS VPC (Virtual Private Cloud)
  - Setup a web server on AWS EC2 (Elastic Compute Cloud)
  - Set up the domain to our web server
  - Generate TLS Certificate
  - Create Ansible Playbook
  - Documentation

We have purchased our domain terabytecit.com at the site [NameCheap](https://www.namecheap.com/) that is recommended the project guideline.  
Although it depends on **TLD (top level domain)**, you can buy your original domain here with very reasonable price.  
Our domain is $8.98/year including tax, plus an option PositiveSSL $3.88/year(Sale price!), so total $12.94 annual, it is not bad.  

We created our project repo [Terabyte-CIT481-Senior_Project](https://github.com/Angelo512/Terabyte-CIT481-Senior-Project) on Github, and every member joined as a collaborator.  

We use an AWS general account, belongs to one group member, to create IAM user accounts for all group members.   
We may consider to use AWS Organization if we can share our AWS educate credit through the service.  

Project 0's due is week of March 22nd at which we will have the second presentation to show our progress, but right now our firs target is the our first presentation on Feb 27th, Saturday.  




[back to Home](https://keiyamo.github.io/)
