---
layout: default
title:  "Blog 23"
date:   2021-05-07 20:39:38
categories:  new blog post
permalink: /2021-05-07-Blog23/
---
[<- Home](https://keiyamo.github.io/) 

## Final blog assignment
I can't believe it's already May, and Commencement is around the corner.   
Today is the last day of registering the virtual commencement.   
I already registered last week, it is only for commencement, but not car parade.  

I went to CSUN campus few days ago first time for over a year.  
Almost nobody is there, I only saw few people on campus. It was like a ghost town.  
A girl who looks graduating this Spring was taking pics at front of library with Grad gown and cap.  
I wish we had in-person graduation ceremony.  

I have really missed the CSUN campus, and I am not sure if I will ever go there again.  
Well, I am a little bit sentimental now haha.   

### Senior Design Project
This Project is exactly wrapping up what I learned at CSUN and giving me more opportunities to learn new things
Like...
- Docker Container [Blog4](/2020-09-30-Blog4/) -[Blog5](/2020-10-05-Blog5/)
- Ansible [Blog6](/2020-10-14-Blog6/) -[Blog7](/2020-10-20-Blog7/)
- Terraform [Blog19](/2021-04-09-Blog19/) -[Blog20](/2021-04-16-Blog20/)
- How to use Github with team (group development)
- Many AWS services, and how to use them efficiently
- etct...

And this Blog project is good for documenting what I have done, how I solved issues I had.  
This blog project is officially end here as assignments, but I am sure I will come back here to keep my tech learning record.  

### DNS Setup
Now, we are finishing Project2 to prepare the final presentation.  
As I have mentioned a couple times in past blog, we are trying to transfer our domain from [NameCheap.com](https://www.namecheap.com/) to AWS.  
Since the 60 days period of transferring restriction is over, one of my group member finally applied the transferring.  
She got an email, and it says the process may take up to 10 days.  

That was happened last night, May 6, and that is kinda problem.   
Because we already signed up our final presentation for May 15th, so it may not make on time for the demo.  
It's too late to say, but we should have kept the domain on NameCheap.com.  
Right now we still can log in NameCheap.com page to set up name servers, so we still can use Route53 hosted zone in a case.  

She said she is going to send email to expedite the process, but not sure if it works.  
And it costed $12 for transfer, well we should have been checked those things before we buy a domain.  
I think it could have been cheaper if we registered on AWS from beginning, but well this is an experience too.   

Actually I am in charge for DNS set up, so I need to prepare for both case with Namecheap.com or AWS.

But how it gonna be different? 
I saw the example to create Route53 hosted zone and record by terraform.  
When I created hosted zone on AWS management console, I did not see anything special as our domain is under different registra.  

This is an example to create public subdomain zone
```
resource "aws_route53_zone" "main" {
  name = "example.com"
}

resource "aws_route53_zone" "dev" {
  name = "dev.example.com"

  tags = {
    Environment = "dev"
  }
}

resource "aws_route53_record" "dev-ns" {
  zone_id = aws_route53_zone.main.zone_id
  name    = "dev.example.com"
  type    = "NS"
  ttl     = "30"
  records = aws_route53_zone.dev.name_servers
}
```

Last time when I created hosted zone at AWS management console, I created `main` (no subdomain) and `www` (Look at [Blog 21](/2021-04-23-Blog21/))

If I still need to use NameCheap.com DNS service by the time of presentation, I need to run this in advance because I need to set up nam-server name on NameCheap.com site.   
It is not hard to do anyway.  


### Health Check
Route53 is not only for DNS service, but you can use it [health check](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/Route53/latest/DeveloperGuide/welcome-health-checks.html)

This is an example of Connectivity and HTTP status code check
```
resource "aws_route53_health_check" "example" {
  fqdn              = "example.com"
  port              = 80
  type              = "HTTP"
  resource_path     = "/"
  failure_threshold = "5"
  request_interval  = "30"

  tags = {
    Name = "tf-test-health-check"
  }
}
```

That is nice to have if our domain is successfully transferred to AWS.  



[back to Home](https://keiyamo.github.io/)
