---
layout: default
title:  "Blog 15 (Blog2_CIT481))"
date:   2021-03-06 13:20:04
categories:  new blog post
permalink: /2021-03-06-Blog15/
---
[<- Home](https://keiyamo.github.io/)

### AWS Educate credits
I am always impressed by many US tech companies who support students, like Apple, Microsoft, or Adobe.  
Amazon is one of the companies, and they also try to spread their skill of Amazon Web Service to not only students, but many engineers.  
AWS offers a lot of variation of free tier service, but not only that, they also provide $100 credit for students and $200 for educator.   
That is really nice that we, students, don't need to spend money to experience deeper AWS services.   
I redeemed my credit in 2019 Fall, class CIT360, but didn't really use much and it is available till November 2021, so I think it is enough to do Senior Design Project.
However, In last semester in which we supposed to start Senior Project, I realized some classmate's credit is gone or no much left. That is the main reason our professor pushed the project launch to this semester 2021 Spring.  

We checked member's credit balance, three of four already redeemed the credit, but each one still has nearly full credit (I have $88 now), so I thought we are fine.  
And now, as this semester began I started to think how we combine the credit?   
I vaguely thought there is a way to do so, but not sure how.   

## AWS Organization
Then, I found the service **AWS Organization**   
Here is the description from AWS academy...
>AWS Organization is an account management service you can use to centrally apply policy-based controls across multiple accounts in the AWS Cloud. You can consolidate all of your AWS accounts into an organization, and arrange all AWS accounts into distinct organizational units.
>
>Organization includes consolidated billing and account management capabilities that enable you to better meet the budgetary, security, and compliance needs of your business.  

In short, we can use our AWS accounts to create an organization, then we can share billing which means the credits, in this case.  
But I am still not sure how to do with AWS educate account?  
Since I attached my educate credit to my AWS regular account when I redeemed, I have never used AWS "Educate" account, but somehow I knew there are some restrictions of using AWS educate accounts.  
I could not find the answer on AWS website or documents, so I contacted AWS customer support for this specific question.    

Their answer is:







[back to Home](https://keiyamo.github.io/)
