---
layout: default
title:  "Blog 15 (Blog2_CIT481))"
date:   2021-03-05 13:20:04
categories:  new blog post
permalink: /2021-03-05-Blog15/
---
[<- Home](https://keiyamo.github.io/)

## AWS Educate credits
I am always impressed by many US tech companies how much they support students, like Apple, Microsoft, or Adobe.  
Amazon is one of the companies, and they also try to spread their skill of Amazon Web Service to not only students, but many engineers too. (There is AWS webinar event  [AWS Online Tech Talks](https://aws.amazon.com/events/online-tech-talks/?events-master-ott.sort-by=item.additionalFields.startDateTime&events-master-ott.sort-order=asc), coming on the week of March 15 and 22, I registered for some webinars)  

AWS offers a lot of variation of free tier services, in addition, they provide $100 credit for students and $200 for educator.   
That is really nice that we, students, don't need to spend money to experience deeper AWS technologies.  

I redeemed my credit in 2019 Fall, class CIT360, but didn't really use much and it is available till November 2021, so I think it is enough to do Senior Design Project.
However, In last semester in which we supposed to start Senior Project, I realized some classmate's credit are already gone or no much left. That is the main reason our professor pushed the project launch to this semester 2021 Spring.  

We checked member's credit balance, three of four already redeemed the credit, but each one still has nearly full credit (I have $88 now), so we are sure we are good.  
And now, as this semester began I started to think how we combine the credit?   
I vaguely thought there is a way to do so, but not sure how.   

### AWS Organization
Then, I found the service [**AWS Organization**](https://aws.amazon.com/organizations/)  
Here is the description from AWS academy...
>AWS Organization is an account management service you can use to centrally apply policy-based controls across multiple accounts in the AWS Cloud. You can consolidate all of your AWS accounts into an organization, and arrange all AWS accounts into distinct organizational units.
>
>Organization includes consolidated billing and account management capabilities that enable you to better meet the budgetary, security, and compliance needs of your business.  

In short, we can use our AWS accounts to create an organization, and this service is free. Within the organization, We can share billing which means the credits in this case.
But I am still not sure how to do with AWS educate account?  
Since I attached my educate credit to my AWS regular account when I redeemed, I have never used AWS "Educate" account, but somehow I knew there are some restrictions of using AWS educate accounts.  
I could not find the answer on AWS website or documents, so I contacted AWS customer support for this specific question.    

Here their answer:
- You are able to share credits using the AWS Organization feature  
- However, your group should have an Educate credit code on their AWS regular account in order to do so. Members with Educate credits in Educate Starter account cannot share credits.  
- Beginning December 5th 2019, all students receive an Educate Starter Account post approval and the system does not issue a promotional code to redeem on personal AWS account.
- Credits are shared with all accounts that join an organization at any point in the month. However, the organization’s shared credit pool consists of only credits from accounts that have been part of the organization since the first day of the month.

So, we can share the credit within the group only if we have credit on AWS **regular** AWS account.  
Luckily, I and one member have credits on our regular account since we redeemed it in 2019 fall, so we barely made it, yay!!! 🥳  
At least we can share two people's credit, I think it should be enough for our project. (Tbh, we're occasionally forced to spend much money for textbooks in other classes, so I don't mind if it costs because I think it is worth to pay for it)  

Right now, all group members are given IAM user accounts which are created over one regular account.  
I am glad to learn we have an option to share our credit if we need.  






[back to Home](https://keiyamo.github.io/)
